Xiaoyue after this incident
What experiences and lessons have you learned?
Dad, you were amazing
So you've been hinting to test me
There's no disappointment.
You have your own ideas and opinions
That's good.
Everyone goes through a process of growth
But lack of experience and lessons
To know in the future
Then if you need anything, call me and I'll see.
Don't go, stay with me
I'm tired of mall fights
I didn't plan to leave when I came back this time.
Xiaoyuefa asks you
Do you really love Jiang Xue?
Yes, I really like you.
When I had nothing
Xiaoxue is willing to follow me
Now I can't even tell you
No one but him
Ok then let it go
Boldly pursue love
Dad will always support you